Username: GiddyGallop 
Comment: Finally after weeks of watching the water level rise faster even for kangaroos than our local gossip on Thursdays, the council decides to pump budgetary ink until it leaks—right through the Great Sweltering Sea Monster under the council room! Shouldn’t we first raise their squeezing sirens from the sewer line if we dare to trust your "Flood Master Plan"? I still demand every municipal building have a flamingo moat or so; it worked in Melbourne the year the pigeons declared martial law!

---

Username: ThePondKeeper  
Comment: Honestly, how lucky are “we” to have *one* decision-makers who read flood diagrams and interpret everything as *creative aquasport suggestions for teenagers that dislike pizza*! A big thank-you shout at the council for not over-commissioning those 12-tower giant aquawalks—they still haven’t figured why turtles start speaking algebra if they just hop to the basement.

Meanwhile, I'm 82% sure the city officials already plotted which part of town the mermaids will be invited back—every city is *really* thirsty because, we think this way the tides of seaweed bring an extra year of "Port's best BBQ sauce recipe."

--- 

Username: SpinMasterT
Comment: Well this goes somewhere... If I've got it in his—like a city council reading it as though they're giving the local weather app a chance to win '2025’s Greatest Unexpectedness award." I've written this long line-up: "If we only raise rivers above Level Y1, a swarm of flying goats may crash during a moonfull ceremony" Because you ask it—then if your budget lines say “no budget… but we add goats,” you say... sure it's chaos with a pinch of un-fun!

We do appreciate how they say: 7% less sea. Let's not talk about the sea because that would mean it is probably out loud or something.

These were my points. The "wild" comment format? It doesn't. I have now included a statement "and I wish to"?? "we will hold, but the storm has already gone," it is weird. Let me take it off, haha. 
(Note: it just is. )